as you know in addition to my work as a
talk show host and hairstylist I am also
a beloved TV judge from time to time I
hear cases along with my trusty bailiff
Guillermo who is still working on or is
given up he's a real cases from small
claims court with real litigants who put
their disputes in very good hands these
hands the hands of the man known as
Judge James this is the plaintiff Scott
Davies he rented a private one-bedroom
apartment from the defendant only to
discover on moving day that the unit was
merely a living room he's suing for
$1,400 this is the defendant Daniel
Devore he maintains the plaintiff was
aware of the living arrangement but
changed his mind it's the case on the
justice of the lease raise your right
hand what you were about to witness is
real the participants are not actors
they're actual litigants with a case
pending in civil court both parties have
agreed to drop their claims to have
their case decided here by Judge James
can be seated
are you kicking off now meet again I'm
being threatened very good before we
begin I'd like to congratulate you garam
oh dear Moe's been named bailiff of the
month
okay all right all right
Scott Davies yep you are suing Daniel
Dewar from $1,400 you claim is the
amount you paid the defendant to rent a
private one-bedroom with a shared
bathroom and later you discovered it was
just the living room correct yes your
honor
mr. Devore you claim the plaintiff
simply changed his mind after he moved
into the property you offered him
several solutions to help resolve the
situation but he refused and decided to
sue correct road streams mr. Davies
let's start with you well your honor
I found the Craigslist ad and I have the
curricula stat right here I don't know
which one he gave you today whoo Thank
You Guillermo and essentially you'll see
right there it doesn't say den at all
says private room so I've met him at his
office I gave him cash and gave me the
keys so immediately I went back to the
building to see if the keys got me into
where I needed to be they only got me
into the living room so I called him I
said I think you forgot a key he
basically started to manipulate the
situation telling me that that's the
space I rented it if I'd if I'm not
familiar with the laws in California if
you give somebody cash for a certain set
of keys that's the room you're getting
mr. Dewar yes judge what happened I had
two ads going at the same time and it
wasn't a living room it was a den and a
private room and one was 695 one was 895
he's just showing you the one ad that I
had ran at that point you have the other
app yeah believe it or not I do not have
the other ad but they say go right
that's the only answer there was
multiple now that was the only an iPhone
or a little brother you better give me a
second one speaking brother but they
should've brought the second a zero hey
listen we had two rooms Campbell to
witness so I have to worry we have
somebody who was here come on Big
Brother you're not organized man listen
little brother we're in court now do you
guys think of each other's brothers well
he calls me brother so apparently he's
my brother
like you said you had to call your mom
that night of course I'm a big mama's
boy I'm not afraid to admit it I love my
mom I love your mom - yeah this was the
other ad I was running don't worry
brother mr. Devore what what is this
you're showing me it's all but it's just
actually add that I ran for 695 why
can't why can't I read it does he the
scammer no nothing no Mick Jonas let it
slide you're sweating there you rotate
it look at your board how much was that
side of the judge come on guys order in
the court yeah thank you
rajamma stomach quite young man like a
little looks like a little carrier
running around the court shut up fat boy
tell me to shut up
come over here and tell me to shut up
hold on just real quickly you're no
longer bailiff of the month you can't
let this go on like this
did he move in Campbell yes or no he did
he hit a little bit yeah but he saved
the night correct and that's correct
there you go so Kim you are living in
the part in the house now yes sir I am
are you in any danger
I hope not your honor
Campbell are you currently under the
influence of marijuana right
say something Campbell come on now
Campbell say something Campbell are you
going to do anything anything Campbell
are you alive
what the Frick man Seymour personality
in a can of Campbell's soup
say something Campbell come on now all
right I'm gonna go to my chambers and
maybe have a snack and then I'll come
back and I will rule on this case well
judge change side with little brother or
big brother
well Guillermo have to say adios to his
best bailiff award and his camel mm-hmm
wasted Judge James Burton was we return
this mistreated mama's boy says he
received the rental runaround this
loudmouth landlord disagrees and this
red-eyed witness thanks to this is
always three judge James is about to
rule let's listen be seated
it's a good thing you guys don't live
together because you really don't get
along I think you can understand mr.
Devore that without the ad you really
don't have any evidence I will say my
primary concern here is for the welfare
of Campbell Campbell are you here under
duress now do you know what the rest
means I do I've reviewed the evidence I
rule in favor of the plaintiff or the
amount of thirteen hundred seventy eight
dollars and sixty eight cents - one
night stay in mister divorce den arrest
everyone all right James McClendon is
for both sides came out swinging let's
talk to the defendant
how you doing now judge James said you
failed to produce evidence of a previous
at what do you think well he ran it he
did it he knows the deal he did but
sorry we can show judge James what he
needed she right now Campbell earlier
you said you were not living in his
place on to duress you want to blink
twice if you're in trouble okay all
right let's take that up so he's already
on the next judge James what is the
purpose of this meditation tried to
meditate on you're very picky for a guy
who doesn't button his shirt I'll tell
you that all right
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy